I have an iPhone.  I am on call which means I want text messages
through the AT&T text gateway to have a different, startling sound
to get my attention (or wake me up).  It's annoying, though, that
AT&T has many outgoing gateways for text messages, so the caller
ID's are all over the place.  And the only way my iPhone can have
a custom ringtone is by caller ID.  What do to?

I created contacts that seemed to capture all the caller ID's that
AT&T messages seem to use.  I couldn't find an authoritative list,
so I figured out the ID's empirically.  They seem to come from
1-410-000-000 through 1-410-000-120, at least out here on the west
coast where I am.

I wrote a little ruby to generate the vCards to cover all those
ranges.  I then imported those into where my contacts sync from (in
my case, gmail) and then once they showed up on my iPhone, I assigned
custom text message sounds.  That last step has to done manually
fifteen times, don't know a better way to do that, on the iPhone
at least.

Attached is att-text.vcf, the vCard file that contains the fifteen
contact entries to cover the range.  I've attached a couple of
screenshots to this post showing what this looks like when it makes
it onto your phone.

It's a bit fragile, getting he phone types correct for your contact
program so they make it to the iPhone correctly.  YMMV on this one.
I tested the vCard attached through gmail with Google Sync and
Outlook 2011 for the Mac.

- Sef Kloninger (sefklon@gmail.com)
